foreign
was made early enough on Discord
hopefully
hope so
I figured I would actually do like let
people know that I was gonna stream
tonight instead of the usual just going
live randomly
whoop
s
wrong direction about Center
roughly
hello people hello hello hello hello
where's my button to make things bigger
that is
I used the bigger button
it's the gentle clicking sound
is it a constant clicking sound because
that's probably the light
behind me
um I can turn it off if it's bugging
anyone or it might be my little
fidgety thing
made it in time for the first time
did you see the new Barbie trailer Ken
Edition no I haven't I've actually
stopped watching all the Barbie stuff
um
because oh wow it's I think my
microphone is probably popping let's
bring it down a few decibels that should
be a bit better
um I've stopped watching the Barbie
stuff because I actually want to be
surprised when I see it
it's a static
hmm
not sure what is what the static could
be is anyone else hearing any static
noise
background static
how about now
oh God this microphone should not be
staticky
this microphone is so freaking expensive
um I also have the the gain on it turned
up
pretty high
about here
okay and now we're gonna bring this up
here
right about there how does that sound is
the static on is better
it's it's back
very staticky
how is this
it goes up and down with the volume it
was gone when you turned the game down
but then came back
I have the game I mean I have it down
super low right now just looking at um
like I meant negative 56 and I can't
hear me
I'm at like negative one negative 20
decibels
now
no it seems like
hear you and static
what's going on
okay
because that's natural gain
and how about now am I
is the static still bad can you hear me
fix it oh awesome perfect okay yeah
um I had
levels off okay good
thumbs up everybody
no static but it's quiet
okay let's
decrease it to 10 decibels is the static
back
um you know is the static back
no awesome ah perfect okay I know where
the static was coming from
I need to uh not mess with the volume
controls on my audio interface thingy
because apparently it's very
touchy
that's where I'm gonna fly up there just
to teach you and Nick how to audio
better
I know that's that's one thing when we
go into production
um
this fall
uh I definitely need to hire
um an audio person because that is that
is something that I can I have never
been able to get good at never
like
even in film school I tried I tried
I was very good with cameras but audio
I've never been good with audio
pins your Hollywood queer history videos
today which taught me so many new things
thank you for making them oh thank you
Olivia
I know a lot of people have said that
they
like they they wanted to watch the
Hollywood videos but they kind of lost
track of them
um
and
so I was like I'll just put them all
together as one in that way anyone who
wants to watch it can dive in and go to
the separate chapters so it's easier to
kind of keep track of
oh that must have been
um the three decibel thing that must
have been a podcast episode where we
were talking
because it's so difficult when we're
recording uh when Nick and I were
recording podcasts and stuff because
I speak like this I speak pretty I like
I project so much and Nick's very soft
speaker
[Music]
um
it's a normal video
I don't know where there would be a
decibel change because I make the the
audio in normal videos just
flat just goes across
I think you're taking taking L's
uh katydog there's five Hollywood
history videos right now there's gonna
be I think another five
um
this fall and winter I believe
I'm not sure when they're coming back
because YouTube is
YouTube's being a dick with my channel
lately
um
so it's uh but there will be uh I will
complete the story the history of queer
Hollywood
oh thank you
oh God I was just swimming and I have
chlorine in my throat
oh
oh that was rough
how is James today James is good
um I'm
relatively relaxed uh my back's a little
sore but
um
I am uh
taking it easy Nick and I are working on
a movie we're working on the script for
the movie that we're going to be
shooting this fall we're excited for
that
um
and um
it's basically all I've done today it's
been a very relaxing day that and I I
laid out in the sun and swam a bit and
I uh have realized I need to start
applying moisturizer because I am
noticing old man cracks in my skin where
I I feel like I I feel like I look like
those AI old what you would look like
when you're old photos and it's just
really
um
oh it's bad
you ever had videos taken down just
because you're too honest and certain
people don't like it
um I know I've never taken a video down
that people didn't like
um which maybe it would have been a good
idea to do that with a couple of them
um the shipping video in particular the
channel really took a hit on views after
that video which is the skate video
um
and um
but I've never I've never taken a video
down because people didn't like it but I
have had videos taken down by YouTube
um such uh they're available on uh the
website nowjamesummerton.com
um that would be the gay Holocaust video
and the
um uh history of queer Panic video
um YouTube took those down because the
18 plused them they didn't take them
down they they made them 18 plus
um
and there was a version of this the
Showgirls video that actually did get
taken down and so now when I log into
the back end of YouTube to like check
views and stuff like that there's always
this warning saying that ooh you made a
boo-boo and it's apparently there
forever
you look a bit like my middle school
math teacher and it's a bit traumatizing
oh God
hey James how has it been to talk about
videos discussing queer identities you
don't necessarily belong to I.E or
asexual video how did you feel
um well in that one in particular it was
easy because Nick is asexual
um
and so it was really just a discussion
back and forth I I do get nervous when I
talk about other identities because
you know there's there's nuances to them
that I wouldn't necessarily get because
I'm a very CIS White
gay man
um
and like I I firmly fit into the my my
pegs fit firmly into those holes
oh God that sounds horrible
um
and so you know talking about bisexual
people and trans people and uh pansexual
people asexual people uh basically every
other letter of the alphabet Mafia
um
I do feel nervous that I'm gonna get
called out and sometimes I do and
sometimes people are very mean about it
and sometimes people are very nice uh
usually people are very nice and just
kind of say like hey you made a mistake
here or something like that but there
was there was a a war between the
bisexuals and pansexuals
um
around one of my videos so it's uh that
was that was stressful
profile picture from a distance
oh it kind of does yeah
that's a city in the background but it
kind of does look like my hands are like
folded behind my head I've been thinking
about putting my my angel picture in
there just to queer it up a bit
do you normally fit pegs into holes not
lately not lately
so we're gonna talk about the John
Cusack thing I was I was actually kind
of shocked
um that someone within Hollywood
actually came out and
didn't talk in detail about Hollywood
accounting but outed the fact that
Hollywood accounting exists I was I was
really really shocked by that I was
shocked and
just uh very
uh
that there was someone in Hollywood
finally saying what I've been saying
like on streams and in videos and stuff
and people have lit people have called
me a liar saying that Hollywood
accounting exists and now I'm like well
someone in Hollywood now
has backed me up
I was wondering if
Rio and Akira in Devilman crybaby were
inspired by Sandman and Lucifer
from Sandman uh Devilman crybaby or well
the original devil man actually came out
long before Sandman did I came out in
the 70s I think
um Devilman crybaby is a queerer version
for sure but there were definitely queer
overtones in the original
help them old and irrelevant what's up
with John Cusack uh John Cusack put out
a tweet
um
pointing out that when he signed his
contract for oh crap I can't remember
what movie it is now
um
oh it's the one with the boom box
oh I forget the movie
um but it was like a hugely huge
successful movie in the 1980s and when
he signed the his contract for it uh say
anything that's it thank you when he
signed his contract for it he signed on
for points which means that you get a
percentage of the profits
um
and he has never gotten any money
because whenever whenever he looks into
it they are just like oh the movie lost
money and he knows how much it cost to
make the movie and he knows how much the
movie made and so he knows that they are
lying through their teeth that they are
hiding the profits which is what
Hollywood accounting is called and it's
I think it's the first time that an
actor especially a working actor has
come out and said this happens in
Hollywood
oh thank you Kiara
I can't stick around because real life
crap but much love is always and love
that you did the full queer history
compilation video oh thank you so much
Devin saw was spilling the t2 he never
got he never got oh right he was in
Final Destination five but it was just
like a shot from the original movie
right
well uh yeah he is frustrated that he's
not getting paid because say anything
over the years like when you take into
account the box office video rentals
video sales DVD sales streaming all of
that like
there's probably like a million dollars
that he would have been paid out of that
give or take
um
in either direction by quite a bit
probably but like there's a excuse me a
substantial amount of money
that he should have been paid for that
movie
that he has not been paid
and that's all because of Hollywood
accounting because Executives hide
profits from actors and writers and
behind the scenes people every everyone
who works on a movie anyone who signs up
for points they what they basically do
is they agree to take a percentage of
the profits
for a lower upfront pay and when that
happens producers
[Music]
can mess around with the accounting and
say like oh we actually lost money on
this sorry you're you're getting paid
not nearly as much as you should have
still can't believe Executives in
Hollywood thought actors were going to
be okay with digital I know the digital
copied on
for for anyone who isn't following the
the SAG and wga strike sag is the Screen
Actors Guild
um the studios
wanted to make a copy
of especially specifically extras that
they wanted to hire an extra for a day
rate which is about 250 for the day
and scan them into a computer
and then never hire them again but they
would own their likeness in perpetuity
for 250 bucks for 250 dollars you sell
your likeness to a movie studio who can
then use your likeness as a CG created
thing forever and ever and ever and you
get no more money for the rest of your
life because you sold it for that one
day's work
and it's like
and this is this is what the studios
said was their compromise
what was their original pitch
like if that's
if that's what they were like oh this
this is us giving up something what were
the originally demanding like Jesus
Christ
I've sold my dignity for myself yeah but
you can get your dignity back
James as a sad lesbian I have to ask you
are you still an Ervin Levi denier
um I've watched Attack on Titan two or
three times since two or three more
times since the video
[Music]
um
I will admit
I can see it I I can see it when you
look for it it's especially it's much
more obvious in the manga and it's much
more obvious in the Japanese dub
um I don't think it's as obvious in the
English dub as it is in the manga and
the Japanese dub same with hanji being
non-binary like in the English dub of
Attack on Titan hanji is just a female
character but in the manga and the
Japanese dub hanji's non-binary
oh yeah I saw the Ron permit the Ron
Perlman video
and I also if you haven't watched Fran
drescher's speech she's the friend well
she was the nanny
um friend she was the nanny on the
sitcom the nanny in the 90s
um and she's also currently the
president of the Screen Actors Guild and
she went off on them yesterday and today
is Bastille Day and yesterday she I
forget the exact quote but it was
basically you know eventually the French
peasants went and started cutting heads
off it's like whoo she's not messing
around
San Diego Comic-Con coming around the
corner I wonder if any A-list actors
will show up they're not allowed
um they can show up if they buy a ticket
and they go to just like look at comics
and art and stuff like that but if they
go if they show up to promote anything
they are breaking sag regulations and
they'll be kicked out of the Actors
Guild and they'll never work again
Alejandro the vast majority of actors in
in the Screen Actors Guild
have to work a second job they do not
make enough money acting to be able to
pay bills you're thinking of movie stars
there's a big difference between actors
and movie stars a huge difference
um most actors do not make a living wage
only one percent only one percent of
actors in The Screen Actors Guild
actually make a living wage
execs probably wanted to pay an hourly
rate to do the likeness process take the
pick in a couple of hours and pay them
like 50 bucks I wouldn't be uh
the only saving grace there is uh
because of Union regulations they
couldn't pay an hourly wage they would
have to pay the day wage but I'm sure
they would have loved to have been able
to just pay an hourly wage to do it oh
thank you roach dog
Fran was pissed yes she was
I I've she should run for president or
something she's she's got fire in her
belly
same with voice Talent they have always
stated going to conventions have helped
with income
I think I think
uh I think there's a different Union for
people who specifically do voice acting
um
so I don't think they're actually
included in the strike
my husband is a playwright and I know so
many actors in New York City that have
multiple day jobs in addition to all the
work on Law and Order yeah and that
that's the thing is like acting doesn't
pay as much as people think it does
especially considering where you need to
live to be a working actor you need to
live in Los Angeles or New York where
you're not exactly cheap places to live
um
it's it it's
you usually need to have another job
um
it's like your your passion may be
acting but you need a job to pay the
bills
most actors I actually know pay more to
stay in sags and they make acting yeah
because sag gives them
um union benefits like Health Care
Health Care coverage and so yeah they do
pay more in Sag than they make a year
from acting because it's it's worth it
for the HealthCare coverage
and with the strike but I'm also worried
about how this will affect has been
Hotel
I am not a hundred percent sure if
um the voice again I think voice actors
people who do specifically voice acting
may I don't think they're in the loop
with sag I might be wrong
um
but I also think has been hotel is
because it's a smaller production I
think most of the cast probably isn't
Union
um so it might not affect has been hotel
at all
here in Atlanta with all the film work
there's lots of day players that make no
real money a lot of casting agencies
charge to get in a movie
what
oh my God that's so scuzzy that's like
charging for auditions
which I have seen done before
there would be uh agencies that would
charge you to let you audition for them
I saw on Twitter voice actors were
protesting AI using their voice good
good every every uh like I have it's
it's it's rough because like when you're
on strike you're not getting paid
um
but you know it's the writers went on
strike and the executives were like we
don't need writers we banked so many
scripts during the pandemic we're fine
and now that the actors are on strike
they're actually hurting
like you had
uh
oh God what did Ryan Murphy's
threatening to sue the union because
it's shutting down his
shows I'm like you're a billionaire you
are a billionaire because of your
Netflix deal you are obscenely rich
don't don't even don't even
uh and then Bob Iger saying like oh he's
disturbed by the fact that they're going
on strike at such an inopportune time
it's like yeah strikes are supposed to
be painful for the executives that's
that's the point if you strike when it's
convenient it's not really going to work
chat gbt and AI is changing everything
it's and it's it's like
it is the idea of AI is beloved by
executive level people because they're
like we're gonna save so much money what
they don't realize is that at some point
when you replace enough people with
robots and they're no longer paid
they're gonna come cut your head off
and the rip the Millionaires and
billionaires do not seem to to have
grasped that yet they need to pick up a
history book and they need to read about
some of the revolutions that have
happened where the rich get their heads
cut off because it happens and it hasn't
happened in a while and so we're kind of
due for one and now is not the time to
put your neck out on the line
chat EBT and AI make worse shows and
execs are trying to see what level of
terrible will Ex we'll accept as
entertainment honestly like I have I've
read some scripts that are that have
been produced by Ai and I'm like
is this really the quality that they
want to go with
really
like you know Blockbuster The Fast and
Furious movies aren't exactly you know
great works of screenwriting but these
scripts that I've read make them look
like they were written by
like Oliver Stone or something
did you know Ryan Murphy not only didn't
stop his Productions he also tried yeah
well he he does have to stop his
Productions because the ACT because sag
is on strike
um he didn't stop for the writer's Guild
but he does have to stop for the Screen
Actors Guild
um
and yeah he does want to sue the
writer's Guild and it's just like that's
a bad look Ryan
it's a really bad look
it's a bad look sir
it's I tweeted out today like between
Ryan Murphy and and and Bob Iger just
the two of them looking like absolute
right now and taking up all of
the news about like okay rich white men
looking like it's like David
zazlov should send them both like a
bouquet of candy or something for taking
the heat off of him for a minute
YouTube reviewers are getting accused of
using chat EBT to pump out videos I
wouldn't be surprised
I wouldn't be surprised actually
because it can just pull information
from the internet and if like you're
just reviewing a movie that just came
out
and you want it out fast you can use
chat EBT to spit 500 Words out at you
SAS love is the most make nothing to
make money exact in Hollywood
he's
he's he should be arrested I'm sure he's
done something like actually illegal
someone should look into it
a lot of YouTube is foreign house doing
chat GPT and automated I hate the
automated voice over so much like I
click on a video and I'm like oh this
has like half a million views this looks
interesting and I click on it
and then in comes the automated AI voice
reading lines not well written lines and
I'm like me I'm like it is not
difficult to record voice over
like
come on
if you have the script just read it
it oh my God the the automated voices
they oh they make me want to pull my
hair out
remember we had Irving thalberg and old
Hollywood producer that respected
writers I well I'm not really a
Hollywood producer but I respect writers
YouTube videos with automated voices are
pretty jarring they're horrible they're
horrible
especially when there's somebody putting
these videos together just just read the
script yourself
if you ever wanted to go to Bear Week in
Provincetown just got back from there
it's so fun
um I'm not really I don't really could
um
I could identify as a bear I guess
that's such a weird sentence
um
but um also it's in the United States
I'm in Canada and I don't have a
passport so I wouldn't be able to go
even if I even if I did
foreign
are you a bear or I'm an otter in
training I haven't lost the weight to
officially be considered an otter yet
but I hopefully will get there
what is the p-town equivalent in Canada
we really don't have one Canada doesn't
have any kind of resort areas really
um that I know of like there's Prince
Edward Island that but that's a whole
Province and it's not really for when
the gays it's not really yeah I can't
really think of anything that's like
p-town or uh Fire Island or anything
like that any kind of version of that in
Canada
uh Banff does have a big ski resort but
I can't imagine the gays going somewhere
it's cold
the last surprise artist for Barbie the
album is Sam Smith thoughts on that
well we all know I'm not a fan of Sam
Smith and I have not been a fan of them
for quite some time
um
so makes me a bit sad
that they didn't get like I don't know
Lady Gaga or someone somebody fun
assuming the automated voices are
reading reading languages the video
producers don't speak put your auto
script through Auto translate and feed
it to the robot
I never thought of that still though
still though
hey James which do you prefer popping
pimples or reabsorbing
I never pop pimples
uh popping pimples leave scars
um so as you can see right here and
right here
there he and also up here
um there are pimples and they are going
to eventually go away and I just
I just use moisturizer and hope for the
best
have you seen the trailer for red white
and royal blue I have and I I had no I
really wasn't excited for the movie like
I loved the book I legitimately loved
the book but I wasn't excited for the
movie at all because they released the
um pictures of the actors when they
first announced the casting and I was
like they're too pretty they're too
pretty I feel no connection to these
people I I just I can't
but then the trailer came out and I was
like
okay those were model photos they do
look like real people and
I'm really excited for it I can't wait
to watch it
I honestly there's it's got so much
attention online and so many views I
wish it was being released in theaters
because I feel like it would actually do
well
um
and you know having a gay movie that
actually does well would be nice
any thoughts on nimona I'm not
spoilering yeah Nick and I actually
recorded a whole podcast uh about our
thoughts on nimona uh that's on the
patreon
what do you think about Madonna's kids
having to do
an interventions saying she's not 20
anymore and she has to slow down and cut
out the surgery
I didn't I didn't I didn't know that was
happening
okay he's in the cold just make me think
the other side of Aspen
I had to watch the for my making a big
documentary I had to I had to watch the
other side of Aspen so many times
Interview with the Vampire not being
nominated for any any Emmett any Emmys
is a crime like Sam deserved that Emmy
I'm not surprised he didn't get
nominated the Emmys usually don't go for
um
gay stuff really
you mentioned on Twitter a video on the
BL industry and I was wondering if
you've caught wind of the
toku to BL pipeline present in many Jeff
I'm not sure what toku means
I was really happy that the Fire Island
got nominated I think it's got two
nominations I think
um
and uh
I was really happy to see that it got
nominated
did you see the tweet that the guy who
played Mac from Always Sunny basically
came out as on the Spectrum uh no I've
actually never I've only watched a
couple of episodes of only Sunny uh and
it's been a it's it's like it's
something I can't watch now because
there's too much of it
laughs
Have you listened to what was I made for
by Billy eilish a song for the Barbie
soundtrack no I haven't listened to I I
like never listen to new music it's rare
that I end up listening to new music
tokasatu Japanese Power Rangers Oh I
thought that was like I thought that was
super Sentai
I hope Billy Eichner is pissed
I really hope he is
if you read Fire Punch very depressing
very good uh no I have I've never heard
of Fire Punch
Super Sentai is an example okay
I mean it makes sense because BL is like
super super popular in
um in in basically almost well all of
Asia I was gonna say except China but
it's also really popular in China it's
just that you know they basically
stopped before the kiss happens
um
and it's really really popular like all
over Asia
um so I'm not surprised that there's
kind of a a pipeline going from one
genre of Japanese media to another
I saw the first season of the boys but I
haven't seen the rest of it
many actors go from here to play VL
actors in it really I didn't know that
I mean I I guess I kind of assumed
because I know a lot of Australian
actors do that
when will the strike end
I'm worried about how these rich people
are going to use them and then spit them
out like nothing
I think this strike is going to go on
for a while
because the thing is there's one side of
the strike the actors and the writers
who are literally fighting for their
life
um if the executives get what they want
actors and writers will not be able to
work anymore they will not be able to
come close to making a living
on acting and writing actors already the
majority of actors already can't
and so it's like and these are working
actors
uh people who are employed and they
can't make a living uh same thing with
the writers
and so they're literally fighting for
their lives
and then there are executives
who
they just they just want them they're
just greedy as
and so I think this is going to last a
really long time I wouldn't be surprised
if it lasts to the point where a
government mediator has to come in and
actually like force them to come to uh
uh an agreement
wasn't that the exact plan to wait them
out until they lose houses apparently
but the thing is is that now the stock
now that the actors are on Style
now that the actors are on strike and
production has actually shut down across
the board uh not completely across the
board some things that are shooting
um overseas in Europe haven't had to
shut down
um
but like the vast majority of movies and
TV shows have shut down production
because the actors are on strike
um
it's costing the studios 30 million
dollars a day
for this strike and because of that
uh their stock has dropped
and when the stock drops Studio
Executives lose money because most of
their wealth is held in stock options
that they have in the companies and so
the if they were smart
they would make a deal
if they were smart they would honestly
give the writers and the actors
everything they want because they
um
it's minuscule compared to like the
money that comes in it it's minuscule
it's literally executive saying I don't
want to pay you this because I don't
think I should have to you are you know
it's like the CEO of McDonald's looking
at a at a a cashier they're like you are
an aunt I shouldn't have to pay you
anything more you should do this for
free
um
and so that's the problem but it's gonna
hurt their it's going to hurt their own
wallets the executive's wallets are
being hurt because of the stocks drop
the stock dropping so
hopefully that will uh force them to the
negotiating table and uh if not they
have
discuss something is happening that I
don't think they expected to happen
and that is that uh the really rich
actors the Leonardo DiCaprio's the Marco
robies
have actually started paying
giving money
to the actors and the writers who like
can't afford the strike
and that means that it's going to be
able to last a very long time and the
longer it goes the more it will hurt
executives
so
how much does their personal Pride
matter to them that's going to be the
the the question
how last how long was the last writer's
strike multiple months if I remember
correctly yeah the last writer strike
was in 2006 or 2008 I think it was 2008.
uh that lasted a couple of months but
the last time the writers and the actors
both strike striked struck
went on strike at the exact same time
was in 1960 and it helped destroy the
studio system it completely rewrote the
way Hollywood existed and I think that's
going to happen again
I just found out I have to use a VPN to
watch Troye sivan's music video because
we have the censored version what the
recently learned same-sex marriage is
illegal in Japan and East Asia yet it's
common for sex change to be covered as
being non-binary is more of a threat to
their Collective conservatism it's not
uh same-sex marriage isn't like across
the board illegal it's actually illegal
in multiple prefectures in Japan
uh I think it may actually be becoming
legal by court order I can't remember uh
but I think I think but I might be wrong
but I know it is legal in multiple
prefectures in Japan uh same with a lot
of Asia it's like not legal Countrywide
but in sections of the country it is
core but unspoken element in the lead up
to the strike has been the Nationwide
hike in rents in the U.S not widely
known but after the coveted crisis drove
up wages we had a brief economic surge
then all major commercial property
corporations hiked rents as much as 50
in some cases this crashed the economy
and still has the U.S struggling
but people living in very large Metro
areas with High property values are
suffering the worst sag members are not
joking about Mass poverty driving them
almost out of business yeah and so
that's one of the things that's actually
happening now is um
because so many places are
um
so many companies are staying remote and
they're not going back to the office a
lot of office rental companies are like
begging for a bailout
because
they're like oh my God our the offices
we were charging you know tens of
thousands of dollars a month for oh
they're empty now because people are
working from home
and you know they could turn them into
affordable apartments that people could
rent and then they would be making some
money better than no money right but no
they won't do that
huge question I know but that's a
fascinating point about the destruction
of the studio system
what do you see as rising in its place
well basically what happened was there
was the movies there was the studio
system where people were locked into
contracts people were
um you know if someone wanted to work
for fox and Disney they had to uh and
but they were under contract with Fox
they had to get permission from Fox to
do it and then Fox got a permission of
their pay or a portion of their paycheck
stuff like that that collapsed
um
uh
what will happen now I think and
honestly this and and also what came out
of that was movies became much more
writer driven
because writers got an increase in pay
and so Studios kind of started expecting
okay we want higher quality stuff and so
the big giant biblical extravaganzas of
these of the 50s the early 60s died off
and were replaced by things like The
Graduate and whatever happened to Baby
Jane and
um
uh who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf and
stuff like that things that were very
screenplay driven
um
which also meant that they were much
cheaper to make and I'm honestly I'm
hoping that that happens because
we've seen multiple times this summer
with movies like The Flash and uh even
Fast and the Furious Indiana Jones
that movies are becoming so expensive
that it's a bubble and it's about to pop
and I think this strike is going to pop
that bubble and movies are going to go
back down to an to a normal
ranged budget like somewhere around the
100 million range
and
be more focused on character and script
and less focused on spectacle and then
once every couple of months a big
spectacle movie will come out and then
that will be the big spectacle movie for
the year uh you know it will be the Lord
of the Rings The Return of the King for
the year
uh instead of every two weeks there
being a new Lord of the Rings style
sized movie
I feel like Disney is getting too big I
would assume this strike will have an
exponential effect like you said every
day is costing them dearly yeah 30
million dollars a day
30 million dollars a day
in 10 days they will spend they will
lose more money than they would if they
sign if they said yes to every Union
agreement
if they gave in to every demand from the
unions
they they will lose more money in 10
days than if they gave in to every Union
um demand it will cost them more money
but they are old rich white men and they
have pride and it's not their money
they're spending they're spending the
studios money they're not spending their
money
uh who does the fine go to which which
fine is that
it's that truth of Indy
was that it's perfect
for my age group you remember Ford at
his best but Gen X is old and people
under 40 don't want to watch a retiree
in an action movie
I think the higher ups really want to
have the option to use AI to get more
money so the opportunity cost they're
seeing probably is more well yeah
they're looking at it as we can over the
next decade we could save so much money
by not having to hire writers to write a
script because
really when you write a screenplay
you're paid for the idea really you're
not paid for the words on the page uh
you're paid for the idea they hire
writers all the time to rewrite scripts
and they get paid very very little
and they make that script like the the
movie that's actually released it's
basically like an outline that gets a
million dollars somebody gets paid a
million dollars for the outline and then
if someone gets paid twenty thousand
dollars to write the actual screenplay
that happens so often
um
and so they're like we can have ai
create the idea for us and then have
someone come and write the script and
then it only costs 20 000 instead of a
million
and that's what they're thinking is that
in the long run it will save them money
um what they don't seem to be taking
into account is that the studios look
horrible right now
anyone who's paying attention to AI is
scared that AI is going to take their
job
and the studios are the executives at
the Forefront saying yes we would like
to replace you with robots
and
they look horrible right now
who is a writer who's a Creator writer
director working now you'd love to see
get a chance to make a picture in this
new Hollywood
um me um
uh but in
in reality uh that's a good question
actually
um
because the ones that I that I'm really
loving are they're already kind of doing
amazing work like Arya Astor uh the
Daniels like they're already doing
amazing stuff
for very little money
why is this not an antitrust concern it
should be
[Music]
um
but that would involve the federal
government being useful and uh they have
not proven that they can do that
funny thing is that the tech Bros that
like AI are scared of the Terminator
style apocalypse happening oh yeah like
the the the people who actually
understand AI
and are like building it are kind of
scared of it
and but these bonehead Executives who
have a bachelor of Business
Administration agree they're like oh
yeah we can replace so many people with
robots and it's like
okay Hollywood
quick question
you replace
uh
your most of your actors and all of your
writers with robots
okay
uh what happens next Walmart's replaces
all of their cashiers with you know
automated cashiers which they're already
doing McDonald's is already doing that
um McDonald's figures out a way to have
robots flipping burgers
okay
um
call centers disappear and just have you
know robots talking to you that's
already happening
um at what point
do people no longer have the money to go
see your movies
it will happen sooner rather than later
and then what do you do
and then you're up shit's creek without
a paddle and it's just they have they
have it they have an inability to see
like Beyond a two-year window of time it
is shocking to me that CEOs the whole
idea of a CEO is someone who can look
like decades into the future for a
business to try and make it succeed over
the long term that's the whole point of
a CEO
and it's it boggles my mind that there's
so many of them that are just so dense
that they can't see like past their the
next contract renegotiation
AI could easily replace politicians by
just telling it to make everything worse
CEOs could actually be replaced really
really really easily because
especially the way they work now all you
would have to do is have an accountant
input money or Inc input the financial
information into a program and then have
the program make the decisions based
entirely on financial data and there you
just replace the CEO
save a lot of money doing that
CEOs are not creative people
the only they only see quarterly profits
now I blame Welch he started the current
trend of CEOs the worst part was that he
was lying about his numbers uh Jack
Welch I forget what he was the CEO of
James check out my husband Mark Schultz
plays he's hilarious and devastating but
I am biased he's also my husband he's
not straight
CEOs were replaceable even before
computers
well yeah CEOs could easily be replaced
by uh uh you know the board of directors
they could just vote on decisions
instead of having some
bonehead with a business degree pretend
like he knows what he's doing
General Electric oh yeah yeah that's it
I remember jokes about him on 30 Rock
I worked at Home Depot during the
nardelli days it was horrible all smoke
and mirrors almost destroyed the company
150 year old company just gone because
of him
I'm just reminded of like there's so so
many companies that are like
just they're just so badly run like huh
what do you think about a CGI and video
game Union they there absolutely needs
to be a you I think uh video game people
who work on video games and and the
um
um digital artists who work on movies
they should form a union together so
that they are a massive Union
and that way they can't be with
because special effects artists and
people who work on video games
they are exploited so badly right now
they're paid a salary they're not paid a
year a yearly an hourly wage they're
paid a salary and they are expected to
just work insane hours until until uh a
movie or a video game is done and they
absolutely need a union I think everyone
needs a union I think that there should
be a general Union that is kind of
mandated by the federal government that
anybody
any any
that anyone can join
like that uh a Starbucks location can
just instead of being like should we
unionize or shouldn't we unionize they
should just be able to join this giant
Union
it's because they came up during the
Reagan Era and most were Libertarians so
they didn't see the need to unionize
yeah
yeah with the failure of the Indiana
Jones film and the success of the
Insidious film do you think there are
too many big Blockbuster films and do we
need more lower budget films instead for
a while absolutely I think there should
be one big I think as far as the 200
million dollar Plus movies there should
be one every three months
that's it
that gives time first of all it gives
time for them to have you know staying
power and if it's good people will go
see it for three months like Titanic
back in 1997 and eight
um gone with the win back in the 30s and
40s
um
you know give the movie time to breathe
instead of like okay if you don't make
all your money back in the first weekend
you're screwed
um and it gives room for the medium
sized movie to come back
I I completely agree Jared a24 is like
a24 is the model of what I think
Hollywood should aim for
[Music]
um
just you know throwing in a couple of
really big movies every year but I just
a couple of big movies not like this
summer there's a 300 million dollar
movie coming out every week
it's like Barbie has a 140 million
dollar budget and it seems like it's
like reasonably low budget compared to
everything else that's coming out
this might sound odd but as a dishwasher
even I'm scared that my job will no
longer exist due to robots
it's like who has the time or money for
yeah like I I love going to the movies I
sitting in a theater with people and
experiencing something is one of the my
favorite things it's it's one of the
reasons I want to make movies because I
think it's a really it can be a really
special kind of experience but even I
don't want to go every weekend to see
some kind of gigantic
explosion Fest
uh everything everywhere all at once
cost 35 million dollars I think
uh 25 million dollars
uh 25 million so yeah so for a quarter
of a for 25 million dollars
it was
and first of all an amazing movie
and
second of all
with 25 million dollars
it then went on to make 141 million
dollars
that's a hell of a return on an
investment that's called profit that's
called bonuses that is money
no one's getting a bonus for the Flash
well I'm sure David zazov will give
himself a bonus but nobody should be
getting a bonus for the Flash
only like watching movies in theaters
with friends when no one is free there's
no reason to go I actually really like
going to the movies alone
I live like five minutes away from a
movie theater but I haven't been going
and I don't know why
I'm going twice next weekend to see
Barbie and Oppenheimer
excuse me
naive Nelly Here do you think with AI
taking all the jobs we will ever reach
that Star Trek post-currency future
uh we'll have to kill all the rich
people first
I know that's that's dark and Grim but
it's gonna have to happen in order to
actually
get to there
Chris there was no reason to see the
flash like it's there's it's like even
if the flash had made a ton of money
there's no Flash 2 there's no extension
going on in that part of the DC Universe
and I don't think anyone's gonna go see
Blue Beetle either when that comes out
because it's the same deal
did they really kill the rich in Star
Trek I know nothing about Star Trek did
that really happen
I'm not saying we should do what the
french did during the French Revolution
and put rich people in their place
I am
only one we only have to do one we can
pick a really really shitty one
like Elon musker or Rupert Murdoch or
some someone no Rupert Murdoch's too old
it won't really Elon Musk let's focus on
a real a really rich
and if we you know
do a French Revolution to just one of
them
and show them that you're not safe
don't need to Kill Them All
no Mark Zuckerberg's not horrible
I feel bad that people hate Mark
Zuckerberg so much I don't I don't think
he's a bad person
I think he is severely disconnected from
average people but I don't think he's a
bad person
I went to see Wes Anderson's newest film
before I saw a trailer for the
Transformers movie Blue Beetle and two
others and they all looked the same uh I
was so excited for the new Transformers
movies because like I loved Beast Wars
when I was a kid
but I haven't and I I loved um
Unicron from the original Transformers
movie but I haven't actually seen it
I loved bumblebee though bumblebee was a
lot of fun
I think it's possible to be a
billionaire not a bad person nope
you can be a millionaire
and be a and be a good person because
you can become a millionaire by being an
artist by coming up with an idea you
cannot become a billionaire without
hurting someone along the way it is
impossible to become a billionaire
without hurting somebody along the way
oh I did Zuckerberg's a like he's a
billionaire so he has hurt people people
are dead because of Mark Zuckerberg
um
but I think people have a people seem to
hate him because he isn't personable
and I don't like that I don't I don't
like to like people seem to focus that
like he acts weird it's like yeah he's
on the Spectrum he's not the most
personable guy
um
but apparently like he's really nice to
his kids and he's really nice to his
wife and everything and you know
you know there there is no good
billionaire but there are levels of bad
well people who use Facebook are stupid
no I'm sure there's lots of lots of
smart people who you still use Facebook
they they they banned me for some reason
we'd have to do at least three a week
for Rich Americans to actually take it
seriously
I think we could find three a
week to do I think I think that's
possible
James you have an account on letterbox
or other social media about Cinema if
not do you
keep track of the movies you watch in
any way I do have a letterboxed account
but I never remember that it exists
um
I never think of letterbox
and I don't really
the only way I really keep track of the
movies I watch is uh I almost
universally buy physical media I almost
never stream movies unless it's required
like if it's on Netflix or something
um
and uh
so it's like if the movie is on my shelf
that's how I can track it
how do you hook up with people for sex
if it were not for Facebook Marketplace
well I uh
I never really hook up with anybody so
that explains that
I've been searching for viable social
media Beyond Facebook and Twitter any
recommendations uh well there's threads
but that's just a basically Twitter
clone made by Facebook uh though I do
like threads better than Facebook it
seems like they keep the at
Bay on threads better than Twitter does
um
blue sky but that you need an invite to
get onto Blue Sky
uh
the uh
James Summerton Channel Discord
love that you have become Katniss and
are now trying to figure out which rich
person to revolt against President Snow
Elon Musk or however was the head of the
resistance in the book
oh yeah let's just grab all the
conservatives on the Supreme Court and
do one of them a week
Blue Sky did lose a huge opportunity
huge I actually got an invite to Blue
Sky I am on Blue Sky
um
but yeah they
I don't know if they were trying to make
it feel exclusive or if they were just
trying to work out the bugs but they
waited too long and now threads has just
completely taken the air out of it
I'm also on Tumblr I've been using
Tumblr a bit more lately
what's one thing you find weird about
Americans mine is the glorification of
politicians this might sound Grim but if
you think people in places
of care
power care about you then you need to
think hello from Mexico hello from mix
from Canada
um I think Americans obsession with guns
is just really really weird
really weird and also there's sort of
deification of politicians because it
does happen like on the left and the
right there's sort of a like they look
at like
certain politicians as just like like
there's a joke that Republicans have
Saint Reagan like that they look at
Ronald Reagan as a saint
um
I mean it's kind of true I've talked to
some Republicans who are um
joining individual discords for things
I'm interested in seem to have been a
much better alternative to regular
socials
I'm actually not on a bunch of discords
I think I'm only on like three
um and I think they're all mine
when's the patreon Discord one's the
channel Discord and one's the Telos
pictures Discord
I haven't watched them yet ephemera
Michael that movie is actually not a hit
um the studio that is Distributing it
actually bought most of the tickets that
were sold
uh so it looks like it's a success but
it's actually not
we're guilty as charged us here and
spent years trying to talk friends off
of the personality Cults never seems to
work
yeah the class the conservative actually
do that a lot like conservatives when
when a conservative especially
conservative politicians when they
publish a book they need it to go on the
New York Times bestseller list and so
they send people around to all the
bookstores in New York to buy up all the
copies and then they just like sit them
in a warehouse
and the New York Times kind of caught on
to this and now there's actually a
little like asterisk that they put
beside books that had that most of the
sales were from bulk sales because
conservative politicians and like
conservative think peace people uh were
doing it so often that they had to say
like this actually didn't sell
a hundred thousand copies in New York
City it
it's more like 20.
what's your comprehensive thoughts on
goths
I don't think I really have a
comprehensive thoughts on Goths I didn't
even really know any in high school
I think I knew one
there's like one goth girl I knew in
high school and that was about it
hurts down to Freedom is Q Anon movie is
that true uh I know nothing about it
except the box office nonsense
so when the whole theater is bought out
by people not even in attendance do they
still roll the film oh yeah they still
play it because there's like probably
some people there because what they do
is they try to give the tickets away
when they buy tickets for a movie they
and a lot of religious movies do this
they'll buy whole theaters
out and they'll try and give it away and
sometimes they'll give it away to
members of their church and stuff like
that so people do show up but they
didn't buy the tickets the studio did
of course it's backed by Steve Bannon
the theaters for Captain Marvel were not
empty that was a conspiracy theory
it's Jim Caviezel from Passion of the
Christ so it's hyper Christian Ultra
conservative propaganda
he's all about how he's canceled since
passion
yeah he's canceled and he hasn't he's
reprising the role of Jesus in Mel
Gibson's next movie which is the passion
too literally doing that uh I think it's
about when Jesus went to hell for three
days
wouldn't that technique not genuinely
make more sense than typical marketing
well no because you're like if you spend
100 million dollars on marketing
uh let's let's do smaller numbers
um if you spend 10 million dollars on
marketing
um
then
you might get 10 million dollars worth
of tickets but you might get a hundred
million dollars worth of tickets
but if you spend 10 million dollars on
movie tickets you're just getting 10
million dollars in movie tickets
and you're only getting half of it back
because the theater keeps half of it so
you're not even getting your investment
back
I'm pretty sure a sequel to Passion of
the Christ is considered heresy or
blasphemy one of those things
it's
technically you can do a sequel because
Jesus did go to hell for I think three
days I think it's three days after the
crucifixion he went down to hell for
three days it's like mentioned in the
bible but I'm pretty sure Mel Gibson
wants to make a thing out of it
um but it's like mentioned it's not even
like described what happened when he was
down there
um
honestly if Mel Gibson wanted to
like
do a blockbuster Jesus movie he would do
like a
adaptation of the Book of Revelations of
course that was already tried with the
Left Behind movies and they failed
miserably
yeah so I guess it's not even a sequel
It's a mid-cool
you can make a prequel of the passion
where everyone looks 20 years older for
some reason
excuse me
they should make it they should make a
movie of The Gospel
um the the
Judas gospel
yeah Derek exactly they should they
should
they should do the Apocrypha absolutely
that's how you get some controversy
what do you think about the queer
ultimatum show the dating show
with the the the one
with the all the lesbians that one
it's a dating show with the lesbians
make a movie out of all of Jesus's
references to homosexuals best Silent
One tick tock
I've never I never do tick tocks but
maybe I should do that oh my God I
should do
got left behind failed because of Kirk
Cameron Left Behind failed because it's
based on a bunch of bad books I Tried
reading them they're badly written they
are not good good Lord I was so excited
because I was like obsessed with the end
of the world when I was a teenager I was
a dark child
um
and I was like oh I want to read these
and they were so bad
I was like this this story you're trying
to tell is a Trilogy it's not 12 books
I have the Sodom and Gomorrah retorts
down to a science I put conservatives
away on Twitter
James just watched nimona and I thought
it was pretty cool I think it lacked
World building with a wall and some
other things but the art and animation
is very good it was too good
too too good to Disney maybe too good
for Disney
um
yeah like my my critique of it was that
maybe it like an extra 20 minutes would
have made it perfect
but it was so good that I I'm I'm not
even willing to nitpick it I think it's
just such a fun movie
like I didn't even going into watch it I
didn't even know that it had like gay
characters or anything it was like oh my
God
foreign
do you know what the next video is going
to be are you still on break uh well
break is uh working on a movie and
making videos for patrons
um the next video is a patron a timed
Patron exclusive which means that it
will be coming out at the end of the
month for patrons and then sometime in
the fall for YouTube and that one is
looking at good Omens and Sandman and
why a straight man
Neil Gaiman is so good at writing queer
characters
um and then after that there's going to
be another patreon video uh looking at
the sort of
um
uh Magical Warrior women genre with like
revolutionary girl Lieutenant Legend of
Korra Sailor Moon
um
and then uh in September we have a video
for planned for September but I can't
remember what it is
um and that one's actually going to be
on YouTube but I can't remember what the
video is
thank you I can't remember
oh Natasha I know I know I was there was
there was
oh
[Laughter]
I'm so excited
really you were raised Catholic and
taught the Rapture I was raised Catholic
and we just we there was we never talked
about the rapture
the nuns were
and as I was coming like of age it was
right around 2000
and so the nuns were very focused on
Jesus returning in the year 2000 and
stuff which did not do well for me and
my bad anxiety
um but yeah they never mentioned the
Rapture or anything like that because
the Rapture I think is a is a very
Protestant thing
because the Rapture is not in the Bible
when you strip away what was written
about Jesus
most long after he died he did what most
Christians can't do he questions beliefs
and publicly challenged the status quo
until he was killed yeah like I am very
much of the opinion of um
you know if you want to be a Christian
and believe the stuff that Jesus said
I think you're on a good footing
I think you're pretty good
uh if you want to be a Christian and
really only focus on the Old Testament
there's a reason most Jewish people look
at the Old Testament as Parables and not
stuff to not you know real life stories
to live your life by
the coolest Nun Sister Denise
she was like rolling on ecstasy 24 7.
neither are the seven deadly sins or the
nine circles of hell but a lot of
Catholics do believe in them yeah the
nine circles of hell that came from
Dante like the whole Paradise Lost and
all of that that all came from Dante
like
and that was really just him writing
fan fiction for about the people he
admired
um
it it's weird even the devil most of the
stuff about the devil is like fan
fiction it's not in the Bible there's
the devil is barely mentioned in the
Bible
um
and
it's it's it's it's funny how much
biblical fan fiction has made it into
the Canon
my aunt and her husband are devout
Catholics which for them meant running a
homeless shelter for 25 years and being
super humble so that's that's what
you're supposed to do that's what you're
supposed to do
all right Paradise Lost was John Milton
uh The Divine Comedy was uh Dante right
nope the Rapture is not in the Bible
in the Book of Revelations everybody
just dies
some seals get opened and bad
happens
thoughts on Tom Holland's crowd that's
the new one where he's like I saw some
gifts he's like humping a dude I haven't
seen the trailer or the movie or
anything like that but I'm uh
I'm glad that he's uh
spreading his wings
my priest never touched me drove me and
my friends to Gettysburg every summer
and we'd listen to Star Wars on cassette
tape in his sports car
oh yeah I've not just Inferno purgatorio
and a Paradisio it's all
horrifying like all of it like even
Paradisio where it's like this is
supposed to be the happy place it's like
this is Nightmare fuel
circles of hell are fanfic the snake in
the garden being the devil is fanfic
even the apple is fan fiction I think it
like it just says a fruit it doesn't say
it's an apple
are we talking about bayonet we
basically could be we could be talking
about Bayonetta right now
just joining in now I'm fascinated to
learn Christians have a version of
Ragnarok oh yeah Book of Revelations man
read it it's it's a trip
it's like there's a drag there's a seven
or an eight-headed Dragon I think it's a
seven-headed dragon and
that rises out of the sea and then
there's the the Beast and the Beast is
like a lion or something and all this
it's all an allegory for the fall of
Rome like it's it's none of it is
prophecy it's all an allegory for the
fall of Rome but for some reason modern
Christians started reading it
and by modern Christians I mean the last
couple of hundred years started reading
it as prophecy
Revelation John discovers the happy
mushrooms exactly
there's actually quite a few dragons in
the Bible
sea monsters too
I said at the end of the camera should
pan back and show the story on a movie
screen in a theater
early days of the epidemic was a devout
Catholic and conservative but he somehow
managed to live by Jesus's teachings
I I have read of a lot of uh nuns in
particular uh who worked in Catholic
Hospitals that treat that treated AIDS
patients uh in the early days of the
epidemic and you know treated people
with dignity and respect
and I'm like wow
yeah Christians aren't horrible like I
was raised Catholic
never heard a homophobic word my entire
life like from my family and stuff never
not not even just about me just in
general
like
I would not say that my family follows
the teachings of Jesus by any means
um
but like there was never any like
hateful going around
too bad that red white and royal blue
don't get a press interviews during the
strike
yeah
I well honestly they probably have some
filmed I wouldn't be surprised if they
have some filmed
that's what happened
um Studios asked for a two-week it was
either a two-week or a 12 day extension
um to the agreements and sag thought
that was for them to come to the
negotiating table but it was actually so
that they could get a bunch of
interviews and stuff filmed for press
before the strike happened because then
the Press Outlets can air the interviews
without the actors actually having to do
them during the strike
Charmander Squirtle or Bulbasaur ah
Squirtle I almost always go for the
water Pokemon
I sat through an entire lecture of the
unearthly love between David and his
friend
yeah David and Jonathan is like the
first BL novel and it's in the Bible
Well it's not the first one that'd be
like the I think that's the Epic of
Gilgamesh but like there's a BL novel
hidden inside of the Bible
did you choose crack uh no I don't think
I did actually
who did I choose that generation
um
no I chose uh fukoko in that generation
I never know Fran Drescher is now the
president of sag The Nanny put up a
strike I love all the gifts that are
going around where it's like yeah she
basically became Rich by making a show
where she annoyed a rich person
kid's off topic but sometimes I forget
people
still are on the satanic Panic thing
instead of aesthetic and fashion
there's so much satanic Panic being it's
being attached to like queer rights and
trans rights and stuff right now it's
it's it's it's it's so weird seeing this
time warp back to the 1980s
hahaha
this is cool I loved him in Final
Fantasy
showed up to Saint Sebastian for being
the twink icon of gay Antiquity for real
though
he was the first one to take an arrow to
the knee
still waiting for the King David
Jonathan Bromance to hit the big screen
um there is a book called the prince's
Psalm by Eric Shaw Quinn
and it is about the love story of David
and Jonathan and it should be made into
a movie
that could be that could bring the
biblical epic back
there's so much satanic Panic now I'm
surprised Jack Chick and his tracks
haven't made a comeback especially after
they made his movie
oh
I have a sunburn on my legs and now
they're itchy huh
there's a really homoerotic scene
Sebastian movie from I think the 70s I'm
trying to remember the name
[Music]
is it the persecution of Saint Sebastian
is that the one I think it's an Italian
movie
somehow I think Magnus hirschfeld's got
a kind of movie worthy story
the problem with Magnus hirschfeld is I
feel like if someone made a movie about
him now the movie would get canceled
because he doesn't
fit perfectly into the
uh
the mold
of what we accept as um politically
correct
someone should reboot the story of Jesus
but as a gay cyberpunk novel series
it's like the the the series Nick and I
wanted to do about Jesus it's it's all
about Jesus and the disciples it's kind
of like it's shot like the office or
Parks and Recreation and
like Jesus is always in the background
he's never really the main character
it's all about these the disciples and
how they're all like oh I'm best friends
with Jesus but they're none of them are
really best friends with Jesus and in
each episode Jesus would be played by
someone of a different ethnicity
um
and
uh I think like in the fight we had it
planned that in the final episode
um
that's when Jesus would finally be
played by someone like a middle eastern
person someone from the right area of
the world
um
like when he's actually on the cross and
stuff
and I think we were gonna the different
ethnicities and genders like I think we
had Janelle Monae playing Jesus in one
episode
um
uh
in the episode where Jesus is Asian we
wanted
um
oh damn it I forgot her name now damn it
but yeah it was just like
all over the place
Scarlett Johansson would absolutely Play
Jesus in one episode
can make grape juice from water
[Laughter]
Timothy chalamet is cyberpunk Jesus
just picturing Brandon Rogers as Jesus
now
oh my God
oh God
who's an actor you really want to work
with uh there's a lot of actors I really
that I really want to work with
um
uh Catherine O'Hara
I have a movie role written for
Catherine O'Hara
Wonka looks so weird wonky even
um
it's like I'm I'm wondering if they just
used the wrong shots in the trailer or
if
Timmy's performance is really all that
over the place because sometimes he has
a Southern accent and I'm like maybe
it's like actually subversive and he's
actually like a total sociopath in the
movie kind of like Willy Wonka and
everything else and so he's kind of
putting on a performance for the people
who are around him at any given time and
I'm like maybe that's it maybe that's it
um
but yeah I don't I don't know
what was Nick's last name
last time I accidentally called
uh her God h-e-r-r-g-o-t-t
to me keeps dipping into Mumble core
vocal fries
James what do you mean by Tom spreading
his wings well it looks like he's you
know playing a playing a a gag or
bisexual character
um
which I am I'm very I I love that for
the Spider-Man
have you seen The Nair video I have
who should Tom Holland play in Attack on
Titan ooh
um
[Music]
Marco
Tom Holland should play Marco
it's me because
uh Julie I I love the soundtrack I
haven't gotten to see it yet but I
actually have tickets to see it in
August and I'm really excited
foreign
ER play in Attack on Titan
that's hard there's no characters that
kind of fit his age like he could be
um Reiner
he could probably play Reiner that's the
only one I can think of
because these two like bulky to play
Armin
he's got such a still got such a baby
face I can't see him playing Reiner like
I don't know if he could play any like
Reiner's the only one I can think of but
I wouldn't cast him as as Reiner
I can't wait Julie it's actually the
first time I'm going to see a play Live
it's the first time I've ever going to
see like Live Theater
um
I'm really I'm really excited
Who Would You cast as Aaron or Levi I
would actually cast Timothy chalameters
Aaron
um I'm not sure who I would cast as Levi
um
we got a Jason we got it backwards
Timmy might actually be good as Levi now
that now that because like he's got a
much quieter demeanor he's like yeah he
might be better for Levi
now that I think about it but Levi's in
his late 30s
so Timmy's not old enough
uh Paul that would be lack of access I
grew up in a town well I grew up in a
place where there was no Live Theater
um
there wasn't even like touring companies
or anything like that
uh I grew up in Nova Scotia Canada
it almost was ephemera it almost was
last December I had tickets uh well I
was given tickets
to Cursed child but I was like
I cannot I
I can't
is too precious for Attack on Titan
oh
I saw cursed child when they cast
non-binary performers in the leads they
made the queer reading
oh that's kind of cool
I actually I read the the cursed child
script
um
and I was like this is kind of a mess
but everyone said that it was great on
stage but by the time I had been given
the tickets it was well beyond the point
of no return with her so I was kind of
like no
even though I didn't pay for the tickets
so I could have you know made the
argument that I am not supporting it
because I didn't pay for anything
but I am a weak person and I know I
would have left there with merchandise
so
calm down Michael calm down
uh Winters I used to watch a ton of
video essays but I haven't really been
watching them lately
um
a lot of times it's because they're too
long
it's like a very specific topic
and it's like
three hours long and I'm like no
um
but the only
the only video essays I watch anymore
are
uh ask a mortician I've I still watch
their videos but that's about it
John Cena's Sasha
oh thank you van twinblade
I've been on a cruise for the last week
we got back to Lauderdale we get back to
Lauderdale tomorrow morning then a 17
hour drive home oh my God what about 200
in blackjack oh congratulations
I've always kind of wanted to go on a
cruise because I love the ocean but at
the same time I'm scared that it will
probably not sync cruise ships don't
usually sink but that there would be
some kind of
toilets backing up and
attacking me or something
controversial opinion I don't think
Wiccan and hulkling will join the MCU
together
he's straight but who's who's straight
I think they will both end up in the um
the MCU but I I don't think they'll be
introduced together and I think they'll
only be on Disney Plus
uh Dan Olsen came for me when there was
a problem with my patreon and accused me
of lying on Twitter so I'm not a fan of
Dan Olson anymore
have you heard of the esoterica channel
yes I do watch them I do watch their
videos
yeah I still I still watch
um hello future me's videos
um
I just haven't watched like video essays
in a while like even like
um
Rowan's videos like I've been so
distracted and and busy lately I haven't
had time to just sit down and watch
anything that wasn't really that I don't
plan on making a video about and the
other thing I always I always get
nervous watching other people's videos
especially stuff that about if they're
covering stuff I haven't made videos
about yet because I'm like
oh if I see it and then I want to make a
video of it and then what if I repeat
what they say and stuff
I saw that mapa did that and I'm like
why are you doing this to me why are you
teasing me with bringing banana fish
back into public light what are you
doing what are you doing
are there any hobbies or interests you
will never be interested in getting into
but love watching other people geek out
about
um
it's not really a hobby but Star Trek
I'm not really interested in like
watching Star Trek but I love people
geek watching people geek out about it
and even watching videos about Star Trek
and the history of Star Trek and stuff
but I have like no interest in actually
watching it
it's your queer Hollywood Video a
re-upload yeah I have a little
disclaimer thing at the beginning of the
video where it says uh that it is a
re-upload it's basically taking the five
separate videos and putting them all
into one so that they're easier to watch
how's your Pokemon gameplay coming along
uh my my I was actually going to do that
tonight I was going to during the stream
I was going to play some of um Soul
Silver but I can't get the emulator to
work
it was working fine and now it's just
quit
but that's that's PC stuff for you
nothing on this computer works
my Mac is over there and that works
great
the only thing that doesn't work great
on that is OBS and I need that for
streaming
I love six I I have
that's like my when I'm driving that's
like my go-to album to put on
I've been obsessed with people watching
The Color Purple for the first time for
some reason
why is my phone exploding
oh geez thank you hack
I love that little dancing pair is that
a pear what is that
I was on a binge of watching people
react to
um
stray kids music videos for a while
what time is it e48
okay some good
till nine o'clock yeah
um
so I'm Gonna Keep streaming until nine
o'clock it's 8 48 now so in 12 minutes
are there any gay people in stray kids
uh none that are confirmed though they
are very cuddly with each other when
some of them are very cuddly with each
other when they don't think the cameras
are on
um
so maybe I'm just kind of there's one in
particular that I'm really
hoping maybe
fingers crossed
I know that mapa is releasing
bushigiri
with the same director who worked on
Banana Fish
I thought maybe they were might be
releasing an English dub of banana fish
and so they're kind of
building up hype about it but I don't
I don't know
oh Michael that's not even queer coding
Calamity Jane is
is like Peak Sapphic filmmaking
so James are you saying that Tom Holland
is the fourth actor
no he's not in the the group of actors
that I know of
um
but you know he is a Dancer so maybe he
bats for one of our teams
I can hope
let me have my hope
and of curiosity do you have any
favorite trans and or Sapphic focused
films
um
well but I love But I'm a Cheerleader
there's not a whole lot of like trans
focused movies
that aren't just depressing
we actually have
um
I have a movie
about that I want to make the I have it
planned out it's about a trans singer
um she's like basically a pop Idol she's
like Britney Spears level famous
um
and nobody knows that she's trans and
then you know some media finds out and
she basically her career is
basically officially destroyed like she
dropped by her label and all that kind
of stuff and she moves home to the town
she grew up in and then
like plot happens but long story short
she finds out that yeah her label
dropped her but her fans still love her
and so
she gets to you know still be
this Idol and now she has even more sort
of cachet because she's
made it through to the other side and
stuff like that and
um I really want to do that but when I
write the script I want to kind of have
a trans Brain Trust read it to make sure
there's nothing in there that
that is you know since the CIS guy is
writing it
starring Derek Perry no
I know we usually ask you about queer
stuff but how often do you watch
non-queer stuff very rarely it's it's
rare that I will put in the the sort of
um emotional effort to
take in straight media
um
especially TV shows like movies sure
like because most movies are straight
and I would have nothing to watch
movie-wise if I only focused on gay
stuff uh but like the only Straight TV
show I have watched
in the last couple of years really has
been succession
excuse me even succession had a couple
of gay characters
are there any head
romance novels or movies that you really
enjoyed I'm not a fan of romance novels
in general
the closest thing to a hetero Romance
movie that I've enjoyed is Pretty Woman
um but I don't like romance novels in
general like it's rare that I will read
a romance novel
um
like red white and royal blue
is really the only like romance novel
that I think I've read
stand with you nowadays it's like life
is not like that not mine so why bother
real really though
I guess I should have confirmed what you
count as queer media what is non-queer
media with queer characters and what is
fully non-que or anything
um non-queer anything is like none of
the main characters are queer in any way
um
sort of include then there's inclusive
media where there are queer characters
that would be like Shameless
um
uh
the Shonda Rhimes stuff I haven't I've
never watched any of Shonda Rhimes shows
but I know there's there's queer
characters in there
um and then something that is like queer
media would be like Queer as Folk uh
glamorous
um which if you haven't watched
glamorous it's on Netflix it's
absolutely worth watching it is so good
um
something like Fire Island would be you
know exclusively queer media
hero romance books can be not cringe
I don't know if that's possible
I've tried reading a couple of gay
romance books and I'm just I get like 50
pages into it and I'm like
this is kind of boring I know exactly
how this ends
oh thank you Sarah I hope you're having
a good evening too
critics I feel like here's
I have noticed a pattern
when it comes especially with TV if
there is a queer show that is just that
doesn't deal with queer trauma
or gay bashing
or
um
some kind of assault
or anything like that or discrimination
but it's queer critics don't like it
they it seems like they like it seems
like
queer people need to be
experiencing trauma or have experienced
trauma or are currently suffering in
order for most critics to like something
um
glamorous is fun frivolous
and you can watch it and never once
watching it will you feel pangs of of
anxiety or hurt or anything like that
and so critics are like oh this that
must mean that it's not good
I think it was Jason I think Q force was
kind of treated the same way like in my
I know there's lots of queer people who
didn't like you force
um most of the most of the ones that
I've talked to didn't like it because
they felt the characters were
stereotypes and the way I look at it as
someone who has gotten to know a lot of
different queer people is that their
stereotypes for a reason those people
exist you may not like that they exist
you may prefer they don't exist you may
prefer that
every lesbian is a lipstick lesbian and
every gay dude is Pete bootage and every
trans person is is Laverne Cox but
that's not how the world works
straight critics have very low
receptiveness to gay media exactly
I think the characters were also based
on the actors who played them to some
extent I could see that
maybe not the one that Sean Hayes played
speaking of queer trauma have you seen a
set of BBC documentaries called AIDS the
unheard tapes I highly recommend you
have a look if you can find them where
you are
it's uh I haven't heard of them no
um but I've even avoided um it's a sin
because I'm like I have watched so many
depressing AIDS things
I've had enough
yeah the Wanda Sykes character maybe
yeah maybe
queer critics are torn on how queer
media should betray sex some snub any
show where the characters aren't on
Grindr others clutch their pearls if the
characters mention sex once I've noticed
that it's really irritating that's one
of the things I liked about glamorous is
that the characters have sex but it's
not like the most important Forefront
thing on them like there are jokes about
Grindr but Grinder is not like
pivotal to the plot of the show and
stuff and I don't know I just critics
were horrible to glamorous but it's
doing relatively well on Netflix it
didn't cost very much to make I hope
there's a second season because there's
there's some uh developments at the end
of the season that I would really like
to see play out in a second season
stories from the people who were there
in their own words and voices and it's
beautiful
that might be something I chat there's
an AIDS video
um that I'll be doing in the fall it's
actually a part of the Hollywood history
um
sort of uh
Hollywood the history series uh so I may
actually check that out
for that
if they were happy untraumatized queer
characters in like a fantasy thing I
don't think I'd blink but I would be
confused to see a show set present past
president passed with queer is not
constantly Under Siege
see I
I prefer not having
queers Under Siege because we need an
escape
we need an escape
and
that's like that's what I loved about
Yuri on ice for instance is that there
were queer characters and nobody made a
big deal out of it
and that's what I loved about glamorous
nobody made a big deal at queer
characters being queer and I just I
really I appreciate that because there
are there is a place for dramatic queer
storytelling that does deal with stuff
like bashing and Trauma and stuff like
that but then if that's all that we
cover it's it it it it it it it wears
down people and there's a reason that
like queer media that's just constantly
talking about how much it sucks to be
queer is like you know it doesn't do
well it's because yeah why should why am
I gonna go pay to see a movie about
being depressing
uh Paul I think they're probably going
to deal with
um
with
um that stuff in season three or they'll
like hint at it in season two but I
don't think they're gonna jump into it
like tweet first in season two
it is nine o'clock uh I'm gonna take off
and get something to eat because I keep
forgetting to do that all day and I'm
not losing any weight it's like
what's wrong with you buddy
um
but yeah uh I might stream again
tomorrow maybe I can even get the
emulator to work
and I can uh
play some Pokemon
um
and yeah
oh you're more than welcome Alejandro
please rewind it
um so yeah I hope everyone has a
wonderful night or morning I think some
of you are in that kind of place in the
world where the sun is coming up instead
of down
um
so have a great night and I'll talk to
you all again soon